And then we just really quickly
need to go into our constants.js,
we need to put one more function in
here which is export const.Get next.
Poop time equals clock.
And then we're going to return
math.floor math.random times and
what do I put here,
times three plus four plus clock.
Okay, so let's, poop time.
I did zero two seconds plus four seconds.
That's how long it takes before
feet after feeds before poops.
Let me go back to gameState
just really quick and import,
get next poop time, get next poop time.
And let's go ahead and, see that happen.
I'm gonna change the tick rate to
one second just to make the game go
a little faster.
It means the animations will be kinda
cut off, but that should be fine.
We just wanna make sure
that everything works.
Okay, so the fox should get hungry and
then you feed it.
And there you go.
Now it's fed.
And then we've kind of stalled out
there because we haven't implemented
time to start celebrating yet.
So yeah, last thing here,
let's go ahead and
implement really quick time to start and
end celebrating.
Change that back to 3000 to
slow down the game a bit.
And we are gonna put in
two more times here,
timeToStartCelebrating negative one,
and timeToEndCelebrating.
Okay, start celebrating And
do it here underneath maybe die,
startCelebrating.
And this is gonna be
this.current = CELEBRATING,
modFox celebrate
This.timeToStartCelebrating equals
negative one,
cuz it's already started celebrating.
And it's gonna say
this.timeToEndCelebrating is going to be
equal to this.clock and I again gave it
two but you can mess around with that.
Okay, and then endCelebrating.
It's gonna be another function.
And here we're gonna put
this.timeToEndCelebrating
equals negative one.
And we're gonna say this.current,
it's gonna go from celebrating to idling,
Idling and
then we have to write a quick function
really quick called determine Fox state.
So we're gonna say
this.determine fox state.
Now the reason why we're doing this,
if you're coming out of celebrating,
if it's raining you have to go back
to looking away from the camera.
If it's idling, and it's daytime then
it looks normally at the camera.
So that's what determined Fox
state is gonna do for us.
And we're gonna say,
if this.current triple equals idling,
which it always should,
if we call this function.
Then we're gonna check the scene and
sort of say if scenes
This start scene triple
equals rain, then MOD fox
rain else MOD fox idling.
Now, what's great about this is we
can actually go back to wake as well.
And we can remove
the modFox idling here and
underneath the modScene here,
we can just put it the last thing is even.
We can just put this.determine
fox state and we can reuse that
same Bit of logic that we wrote.
So now when the day wakes up and
it's raining,
the fox will be appropriately
facing away or facing the camera.
Okay, so now the fox should be able
to be fed and it should celebrate.
So you can see now the fox is
appropriately facing away.
We'll wait just a bit of time and
then the fox will want to eat.
Maybe, at some point, it might.
Then we can feed it.
So the fox is fed,
is sitting there fat and happy.
You know the one part we didn't do?
We didn't do the tick part.
So, good reminder to go
do that really quick.
So hop back into VS code really quick and
we need to do right here.
So else if this.clock, triple equals
this.time to start celebrating,
this.start celebrating.
Else if this.clock triple equals time
this.start time to end celebrating,
then you're gonna call
this.end celebrating.
All right, one more time.
And actually we can well, we're in
a now So the fox should begin idling.
Notice the fox is appropriately
facing the camera because it's day.
It should begin getting hungry anytime.
Okay, it's hungry, so we'll feed the fox.
And then it's celebrating,
very happy that you fed it.
And then it's back to idling.
So that's kind of
completed that loop there.
And now the fox has a poop time, but
we haven't acted on that poop time yet.
Which is what the next section the act
of cleaning poop section will be about.